From zero to algo trader in 30 days. We
fully coded our strategy, so now it's
time for back testing [music] it. And
no, I'm not talking about manually
scrolling the graph or auto replays.
Those are borderline approaches. On the
other hand, we download [music] 10 years
of data from beginning of 2016 to end of
2025. A very important step is to add in
the data [music] between in sample and
out of sample. In sample is the data
where we can make improvements [music]
of our strategy, optimize our
parameters. And this data period will be
from January 2016 to December 20 2023.
[music]
Around 80% of our data set. The
remaining 20%, so our last two years,
[music] it will be our out of sample
data, which we will use to validate if
we actually found a strategy that can
make us money in the future. [music]
Tomorrow we will check the performance
of our raw strategy in sample.